[DOC-12901]: 7.6.4 release notes incomplete for Search service (#3769)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/introduction/partials/new_features-76_4.adoc

[#new-features-764-search-service]
=== Search Service

> * The Search Service now supports pre-filtering on vector search queries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Search Service now supports pre-filtering on Vector Search queries. 
```

>   Pre-filtering allows you to execute vector searches over a subset of the vector index, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use pre-filtering to execute a vector search over a subset of your Vector Search index, 
```

>   via the means of a filter request that qualifies the subset. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  through a defined filter request. +
```

[#new-features-764-search-service]
=== Search Service

* The Search Service now supports pre-filtering on vector search queries. 
Pre-filtering allows you to execute vector searches over a subset of the vector index, 

> which can reduce the computational resource required to complete the query.

Reviewer 2: It does not reduce the compute required for the query. Let's simply replace this with ..

```
* The Search Service now supports pre-filtering on vector search queries. 
Pre-filtering allows you to execute vector searches over a subset of the vector index, 
via the means of a filter request that qualifies the subset.
```

[#new-features-764-search-service]
=== Search Service

* The Search Service now supports pre-filtering on vector search queries. 
Using pre-filtering as part of your vector search offers two key advantages:
+
--
** Enhanced precision and relevance in the search results.

> ** Performance optimization.

Reviewer 2: Ok so it's not a performance optimization - because we'd be running the search request in 2 phases for this.

What pre-filtering gives is the ability to be able to run vector search over a subset of the indexed data. The "filter" is responsible for qualifying this subset of data.

Author: Does that mean we should remove `performance optimization` from the main pre-filtering page?

https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/vector-search/pre-filtering-vector-search.html#about-pre-filtering

Reviewer 2: Yes please, would you update both pages.

Author: Okay, so what advantage does this give the user?

Is it about enhancing the precision of the search?

Reviewer 2: No, I just put the benefit in my comment above^.

Author: No worries; I'll figure it out.
